Statistics::1. (a) True 
2. (a) The CLT is one of the most important theorems in statistics
3. (b) Modeling bounded count data........
4. (d) Many Random variables, properly normalized, limit to a normal disribution
5. (c) Explanation: Poisson Distribution is used to model counts
6. (b) False  Explanation: Usually replacing the standard error by its estimated value doesn’t change the CLT.
7. (b) Hypothesis. 
8. (a) 0   
9. (c) Outliers cannot conform to the regression relationship
Explanation: Outliers can conform to the regression relationship.
10.The normal distribution is the most important probability distribution in statistics because it fits many natural phenomena. 
For example, heights, blood pressure, measurement error, and IQ scores follow the normal distribution. It is also known as the Gaussian 
distribution and the bell curve.

The normal distribution is a probability function that describes how the values of a variable are distributed. 
It is a symmetric distribution where most of the observations cluster around the central peak and the probabilities for values.
11.Whenever we  deal with missing data, wecan use two primary methods :imputation or the removal of data.

The imputation method develops reasonable guesses for missing data. 
It’s most useful when the percentage of missing data is low. If the portion of missing data is too high, 
the results lack natural variation that could result in an effective model.

The other option is to remove data. When we deal with data that is missing at random, 
related data can be deleted to reduce bias. Removing data may not be the best option if there are not enough observations 
to result in a reliable analysis.
12.A/B testing  is a method of comparing two versions of a webpage. AB testing is essentially an experiment where two or more variants of a page are shown to 
users at random, and statistical analysis is used to determine which variation performs better for a given conversion goal.
13.Yes,it is accaptable.Because imputing the mean preserves the mean of the observed data.So if the data are missing completely at random, 
the estimate of the mean remains unbiased.And by imputing the mean, we are able to keep our sample size up to the full sample size. 
14.Linear regression is a basic and commonly as well as mostly used type of predictive analysis.  
The main idea of regression is to examine two things: 
(1) Does a set of predictor variables do a good job in predicting an outcome (dependent) variable?  
(2) Which variables in particular are significant predictors of the outcome variable,  
These regression estimates are used to explain the relationship between one dependent variable and one or more independent variables. 
The simplest form of the regression equation with one dependent and one independent variable is defined by the formula y = mx+C, 
 where y = estimated dependent variable score, c = constant, m = regression coefficient, and x = score on the independent variable.

15.Branches of statistics
1.Descriptive Statistics
Descriptive statistics deals with the presentation and collection of data. This is usually the first part of a statistical analysis. 

Inferential Statistics
Inferential statistics, as the name suggests, involves drawing the right conclusions from the statistical analysis that has been performed
using descriptive statistics. 
